Backport of Make encryption persistence timeout configurable via env var into release/1.15.x (#25666)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/internals/rotation.mdx

- The `vault.token.creation` metric where the `token_type` label is `batch`.
- The `merkle.flushDirty.num_pages` metric.
- The WAL index.

> Vault periodically persists the number of encryptions to support rotation. 
> This save operation has a 1 second timeout to prevent impact to performance
> if Vault is under heavy load.  Because persisting encryptions involves the
> seal backend (if seal wrap is enabled), some seals (such as HSMs) may take
> regularly longer than 1 second to respond.  If this is the case, operators
> may override that timeout by setting the environment variable 
> `VAULT_ENCRYPTION_COUNT_PERSIST_TIMEOUT` to a larger value, such as "5s".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault periodically persists the number of encryptions to support rotation.

To minimize the impact to performance when Vault is under heavy load, the save
operation has a 1 second timeout. But, if you have enabled seal wrap, persisting
encryptions involves the seal backend and some seals, like HSMs, may take longer
than 1 second to respond.

To override the timeout setting for encryption persistance and provide more time
for all seals to respond successfully, set the
`VAULT_ENCRYPTION_COUNT_PERSIST_TIMEOUT` environment variable to a larger value
like "5s".
```

Style guide: write in active voice, use whitespace to make scanning easier
